[Autogenerated] Let's use some off the spring integration J
M X components in the Devil application.
We'll use the components to handle problems that
occur when the mail server fails.
First, we'll make some changes to the chain.
We now have to format and send confirmation emails so
that we can better handle errors.
Then we'll use an attribute polling channel adapter to monitor the
number off errors or the Kerman sending email.
We'll use the output of that to publish a J M X notification when
the number off errors goes over a threshold.
And finally,
we'll use an operation invoking channel adapter to suspend the
registration service when too many errors occur.
Open up example.
Project number five in your IDE and let's jump into the code to be able to
use the spring integration JPA Mexichem pone INTs The first thing we need to
do is add a dependency to the spring integration J MX module in the May even
POM file off the service module.
Now let's go to the Spring Integration XML configuration file well
at the name space prefix for spring integration,
J M X at the top of the file so that we can use these XML
elements to refine the spring integration.
J M X components we want to use before we get to using the J M X components.
We don't have to change some things to the confirmation mail chain.
Right now,
there are three things in this chain header and richer to set the from,
and to addresses and subject line of the male a transformer to transform the
registration event object in the incoming message to the body.
Text off the email and the male album channel adapter to send the email.
I'm going to split this chain into two chainz.
Let's leave the Header and Richer and the Transformer in the first
chain named Confirmation Mail Chain and moved the outbound channel
adaptor to a new chain named Outgoing Mail Chain.
We need to define a new channel to connect the to change.
I'll name the channel outgoing mail channel.
This is going to be the output channel for the first chain
and the input channel for the second chain.
So now we have to confirmation Mail chain,
which receives from the registration event channel,
transforms incoming registration event messages into mail
messages and sends to the outgoing mail channel and we
have the outgoing mail chain,
which receives from the outgoing mail channel and sends email using
the mail outbound channel adapter by default.
When one of the components often asynchronous message
processing flow throws an exception.
That exception and the original message will be wrapped in an error message,
which is sent to the error channel.
Since all errors go to the same error channel,
it's then hard to handle errors that happened in specific components.
You could put a listener on the error channel,
but in that listener you would then have to be able to detect that.
It's an error from the specific component that you want to handle.
There's a better way to do this before processing a message we can set.
The error Channel had are on the message to specify where error messages should
be sent when the subsequent component throws an exception.
So in the outgoing mill chain, let's add a header and Richard to set this header.
There is a convenient in error Channel XML element that we can use for this.
We want errors that happened in the mail outbound channel and after to go to
the channel named outgoing mail error channel off course.
We also have to define this channel.
Let's make this a cute channel by adding an inter que
element to the channel definition.
We'll give it a queue with capacity 1000.
Now when an error occurs while send the email,
for example, because the mail server is down,
an error message will be put on this cute channel.
Let's add one more component before we get to the spring integration.
J M X components.
The set up that we have now makes it easy to add a
retry mechanism for sending email.
Let's add a component here,
a transformer which receives from the outgoing meal error er channel.
The error messages on this channel contain the
exception and also the original message.
With an expression,
we can get out the original message and then put it back on
the outgoing mail channel so that it will be picked up again
by the outgoing mail chain.
The outgoing mail error channel is Acute channel,
which is a possible channel and not a published subscribed channel.
Like the other channels that we have used so far to
receive from a possible channel,
it's necessary to configure a polar We'll add a polar to the
transformer with a fixed delay off 1000 milliseconds,
and we'll also set Max messages per poll to one.
So this polar will check if there are messages on the Q once per
second and receive at most one message at a time.
That way, we can retry failure slowly, with one message per second.
I am, however,
also going to set auto startup to falsy for this component so that
it won't be active when we start the application.
Now, before we really get to using the spring integration J M X components,
let's run the application and see how we can access
and manage it with J console.
Make sure that you have greenmail running in docker and then
start the services off our demo application.
The Javad Development Kit comes with a simple tool that
supports JPA Max named Jay Console.
You should be able to run this tool by entering the command JPA
console in the command prompt or terminal window.
It will ask you to connect with Java application running on the local machine.
Let's speak our Globomantics service application and click Connect.
There is a warning that the connection is insecure,
but we'll accept that for this demo.
We are interested in the J M X and beans that are application provides,
So let's click Thea Ambien.
Stab on the left.
There's a tree view where you can navigate through the
ambience that the application makes available.
When you click spring that framework that integration,
you'll see that there are M beings for the message channels,
handlers and sources.
Let's look at the channel named outgoing Mail Error Channel.
This is the cute channel that we find to hold errors
that happened when sending email.
Take a look at the attributes off the envying At the moment.
The Q size attribute is zero because there are no error messages on the Cube.
To see some action,
let's switch back to the IDE and then run the low generated S3.
Since greenmail is running normally, everything is going fine.
Now let's stop greenmail, so that's sending.
Email will fail if you click on the refresh button in JPA console.
After a few seconds,
you will now see that are error messages appearing on the cube.
When I restart green meal,
the number off error messages on the Cube will stop growing,
but the errors are still on the Cube.
Let's now look at the message handlers in JPA console There we
can find the Ambien named outgoing Mail Retry.
This is the transformer that we added that puts back these
email to send to the outgoing meal channel.
If you look at the operations for this Ambien,
you will see that it has a list off operations that you can't perform.
Remember that we had said Auto startup to falsy on this components,
so it's not automatically started when the application starts up.
You can check that by clicking the is running button.
The result is indeed falsy.
We can start it by performing the start operation.
This will activate a component,
and it will start pulling the mail error channel and retry sending the email.
If we now go back to the attributes off the outgoing mail error channel,
you will see that the messages are being taken from the Q one by one.
And since greenmail is now running again, the email is now being sent successfully after to retry